options category

	fallrange

		Usage
		fallrange:60

		With this option you can configure the distance in meters (blocks), within which the blocks are affected by the mod.
		If you are experiencing performance issues set this lower ( fallrange:30 ).
		The default value is 60.

	fallrenderrange

		Usage
		fallrenderrange:30

		With this option you can configure the distance in meters (blocks), within which the moving blocks will be rendered. If the moving block is between fallrenderrange and fallrange, it will be placed instantly in one step without creating an entity, to improve performance.
		The default setting is 30, you can decrease this to speed up the game.

	maxmovingblocks

		Usage
		maxmovingblocks:200

		With this setting you can limit the number of simultaneously moving blocks / world.

	maxticktime

		Valid values are 0-2000.
		Setting it to 2000 will cause the physics to never switch off.
		With this option you cen set the ticktime limit.
		When the game ticktime reaches this number the physics switch off, (explosions and pistons are not affected).

	catapult 

		Enable / disable catapult piston (true/false).

	explosionstrength

		Explosion strength modifier 0 - 200 original:100, affects only blocks.

	explosionfire

		Can explosions cause fire? (true/false).

	explosionqueue
	
		The maximum number of queued explosions per world.

	explosioninterval

		The interval between explosions in ticks.

blocks category

    S:bookcase <
        minecraft:bookshelf
        minecraft:noteblock
        minecraft:jukebox
     >
	 
	 Name of the list is the block definition to add all entries to. Each entry is added with all 0-15 metas if none is supplied, or they can be specified with :metanumber:metanumber (minecraft:dirt:0:1)
	 
block definitions category

	This is where the physical properties of the block can be changed.
	
	Each block definition contains the following property settings:
	movenum,  movedef1, movedef2, placedmove, moveflipnumber, movechanger, supportingblock, fragile, trapping, pushtype, randomtick, tickrate
	None of the entries are required, and have a default that will be used if not supplied.

	    S:bookcase <
        movenum:1
        movedef1:wool
        movedef2:default
        moveflipnumber:0
        movechanger:0
        supportingblock:0
        fragile:2
        trapping:false
        pushtype:1
        randomtick:true
        tickrate:4
        placedmove:0
        mass:200
        strength:100
     >
	 
	 The name of the list is the name this block definition will be referred to as, it can be anything you want.
	 
	 movenum
	 
		This property defines the number of the different behaviors of the block.

		movenum:0 
		The block will be static and the following properties will be ignored: movedef1, movedef2, placedmove, moveflipnumber, movechanger

		movenum:1 
		The block can move, but only has one state or behavior, the following properties will be ignored: movedef2, placedmove, moveflipnumber, movechanger

		movenum:2 
		The block can move and has two different states or behaviors.
		The two states are the default(movedef1) and the second(movedef2). On world generation the blocks behavior is set to the default. The blocks behavior can change in game. In the current version this means that if a nearby block with the same blockID is mined or an explosion occurs, a counter is increased with a random number, if this counter reaches the moveflipnumber the blocks behavior changes from the default to the second.

	movedef1/movedef2

		With this property you can set the move definitions, which handle the behaviors of the block.

		movedef1:wool means that the default behavior is set to the move definition with the name "wool"
		movedef2:cake means that the second behavior is set to to the move definition with the name "cake"

	placedmove

		This property defines the behavior of the block when placed by the player.

		placedmove:0 means that the placed blocks behavior will be the default ( movedef1 )
		placedmove:1 means that the placed blocks behavior will be the second ( movedef2 )

	moveflipnumber

		The blocks behavior can change in game. In the current version this means that if a nearby block with the same blockID is mined or an explosion occurs, a counter ( 0 - 15 ) is increased with a random number, if this counter reaches the moveflipnumber, the blocks behavior changes from the default to the second.
		Valid range is 0 – 15.

	movechanger

		This property defines if mechanical influences are affecting the behavior.

		movechanger:0 means that mechanical influences are not affecting the behavior
		movechanger:2 means that mechanical influences are affecting the behavior

	supportingblock

		With this property the block can be set to support another blocks.
		Dirt, sand and gravels default is set to not support another blocks, this means that the block
		can not participate in building structures like arches or anything else.

		Supportingblock:0 the block can not support another blocks
		Supportingblock:1 the block can support another blocks

		( The piston is set to a supportingblock by default, but it can be changed if needed.)

	fragile

		This property defines the blocks behavior when it is in the way of a moving block.

		fragile:0 means that nothing special happens
		fragile:1 means that the block will be deleted without droping an item.
		fragile:2 means that the block will be deleted and with a chance an item will be dropped.

		In the current version only the non moving blocks can be deleted by another blocks, all moving blocks will collide and a moving fragile block will delete a non moving fragile block.

	trapping

		With this property the block can be set to trap creatures like the web block, when it falls on the creature.

		trapping:false means no trapping
		trapping:true means trapping

	pushtype

		This property defines if the block can be pushed by pistons and explosions, you can set a block to static and still pushable.

		pushtype:0 means non pushable
		pustype:1 means pushable by pistons and explosions
		pustype:2 means pushable by pistons
		pustype:3 means pushable by explosions

	randomtick

		This property defines if the block should get random updates to try to move.
		These updates are purely for movement checks, and should not add any normal tick updates.

		randomtick:false means the block doesn't need random updates
		randomtick:true means the block needs random updates

	tickrate

		This property sets the time, that the block will wait before it begins to fall, in ticks. (20 tick = 1 sec) Valid range is 0 – 255.

	mass
	
		1-40000
		This is the weight of the block in kg.

	strength

		0-64000
		This is the strength of a fragile block, a block with a strength of 100 will uphold an another block with 1000 kg weight.


move definitions category

	Move definitions are definitons of the moving behaviors.
	The moving type can be set to static, falling only or falling and sliding.
	The blocks can be supported by another blocks if they are part of a building structure.
	None of the entries are required, and have a default that will be used if not supplied.
	
	S:wool <
        movetype:1
        slidechance:30
        ceiling:0
        smallarc:0
        bigarc:0
        corbel:0
        ncorbel:0
        hanging:5
        attached:5
        floating:0
        branch:0
     >

	movetype

		This property sets the moving type

		movetype:0 means the block is static and will not move
		movetype:1 means the block can only fall
		movetype:2 means the block can fall and slide
		movetype:3 means the block will be dropped as an item.

	slidechance
	
		slidechance:80 means the block has 80% chance to slide after a move.

	ceiling
	
		(in)ceiling:1 means the block will be supported in a ceiling structure ( 0 means it wont )

	smallarc
	
		(in)smallarc:1 - 6 means the block will be supported in a small arc structure ( 0 means it wont )

	bigarc
	
		(in)bigarc:1 - 6 means the block will be supported in a big arc structure ( 0 means it wont )

	corbel
	
		(in)corbel:1 - 6 means the block will be supported in a corbel structure ( 0 means it wont )

	ncorbel
	
		(in)ncorbel:1 - 6 means the block will be supported in a nether corbel structure ( 0 means it wont )

	hanging
	
		hanging:1 - 10 means the block will be supported by a supporting block above it.
	
	attached
	
		attached:1 - 6 means the block will be supported by a supporting block adjacent to it.

	floating
	
		floating:3:minecraft:log means the block will float if there is a "minecraft:log" block in a 3 block radius
	
		else it will switch to the second movetype (movedef2)
		(radius can be 1 - 6)

	branch
		
		branch:1 the block will be supported in a branch structure